add known issue for restart_on_cert_change panic (#46404)
elastic/beats: docs/release-notes/known-issues.md

% **Resolved**
% On [Month/Day/Year], this issue was resolved.
:::

:::{dropdown} Beats panic on restart when "restart_on_cert_change" is enabled on Linux

**Details**
A known issue was discovered where Beats running on Linux with `restart_on_cert_change` enabled panic during a restart. This occurs because the default seccomp policy does not include the `eventfd2` syscall, which is used by Go runtime versions 1.23.0. While the initial launch is successful, subsequent restarts fail as the seccomp policy is already active, blocking the required syscall.

> This affects versions v8.16.6+, v8.17.3+, v8.18.0+, v8.19.0+, v9.0.0+, and v9.1.0+.

Author: @colleenmcginnis, do you think it's good to list all affected versions here and like that or is there a better way to deal with it?

Reviewer: This is a tricky one. I think this is fine for now. A related question came up in Slack this week. I'll revisit how we use `applies_to` in known issues across ingest docs after the next round of design updates in docs-builder.

> **Details**
> A known issue was discovered where Beats running on Linux with `restart_on_cert_change` enabled panic during a restart. This occurs because the default seccomp policy does not include the `eventfd2` syscall, which is used by Go runtime versions 1.23.0. While the initial launch is successful, subsequent restarts fail as the seccomp policy is already active, blocking the required syscall.
> 
> This affects versions v8.16.6+, v8.17.3+, v8.18.0+, v8.19.0+, v9.0.0+, and v9.1.0+.

Reviewer: This is also something discussed in Slack earlier. I think it makes sense to make this more prominent (this is what we've done in recent known issues in the Fleet/EA docs).

```suggestion
**Applies to**: v8.16.6+, v8.17.3+, v8.18.0+, v8.19.0+, v9.0.0+, and v9.1.0+

**Details**
A known issue was discovered where Beats running on Linux with `restart_on_cert_change` enabled panic during a restart. This occurs because the default seccomp policy does not include the `eventfd2` syscall, which is used by Go runtime versions 1.23.0. While the initial launch is successful, subsequent restarts fail as the seccomp policy is already active, blocking the required syscall.
```
